quick announcement I have new merch it's
really epic and cool slave labor a
hundred percent Wow very nice please buy
some I need the money
I bought Air Force Ones for seventy-five
million and now my wife won't even talk
to me link down in description so you're
already missing it to me everyone is i
hate's me on youtube and it's besides
besides like it's so weird man I've seen
the Tuck videos on you I did watch a few
I'm not gonna say who did them because
that's what they're hoping they're also
good friends I am so proud a few months
ago I did a video reviewing ninja's book
his get good my ultimate guide to gaming
now being serious it had a lot of useful
tips for example vital stretches that
you can do before the gaming but now
friends I have amazing news
ninja has released another book
definitely not for money and this one
isn't a gamer guide but a children's
novel where he is the main character
it's kind of like what ali-a did a
couple years ago when he got his own
children's book as well welcome everyone
my name is alia today I have something
very very text-to-speech over everything
now cuz I think that musics copyrighted
video uploaded and owned by Ellie a PG
family-friendly no swearing
dude that's only cool to talk to you
guys about hold on
I swear the doorbell always goes at the
worst time give me a second guys poor
interacting there it is his
transformation gives him a snapback but
anyway I do want to give an interest and
attention you know he's an up-and-coming
YouTube channel and recently his views
haven't been doing so great you know
he's really trying man he did a
presentation at the game rewards that
was really cool now as soon as I heard
he had another book I rushed straight
onto Amazon bought it pretty much
instantly I was so excited guys the book
is titled
ninja
the most dangerous game so much now I do
want to say the art for this book is
actually pretty decent and the only
redeeming thing from it it's number this
guy called Felipe Magana sorry if I'm
mispronouncing it and his art is really
good it's definitely more phoned in in
the book compared to his actual work but
to be fair if anyone got commissioned to
draw a hundred and fifty pages but to be
fair if you were commissioned to draw
150 pages of ninja I don't know if
anyone could do that
also the book worryingly enough is
captioned vol 1 as this will be an
ongoing series now the book begins with
our hero ninja tyler fortnight cliff
fighting a bunch of bad guys and then
calls them noob I did not even make that
up with an introduced of this character
called Zephyr but ninjas apparently
known before and then when ninja turns
around
apparently she's talking to himself and
Zephyr wasn't even there we're then
introduced to ninjas friends and they
have possibly the most gamer names
imaginable I play every game as Dark
Master you know with names like this I'm
sure they're all friends with Aiden
Pearce and Marcus Fenix when he gets
caught out for it he ironically replies
with I could be talking to my fans you
don't know I read that in his voice so
what if I got voices in my head bro I
found you also begins to chastise the
others for being late to the fight chef
it was here bro she's always here I've
never logged on when she isn't didn't
serve enough intros ninja it's not my
fault you're late you want to get ahead
of me you're gonna need to work harder
besides there's always more where that
came from
well are you coming or what label
protagonist everyone like four pages in
the guy is just a complete douchebag
that's a record man it continues to
Braga's ninja normally does until
someone actually gets a sneaky kill on
him saying I'm assuming as soon as you
got ninja
he took the clip and uploaded it
straight to YouTube in the real world
not not the gaming world kids are in the
real world now ninja gets a package
outside of his house he's not really
sure what it is and apparently all of
his gamer friends named her friends
sitting indoors all day means you have
no friends the rest of his gamer friends
also got a package and they all start
talking about it so anyway my stream got
interrupted by some weird pack
just a weird symbol thingy okay first of
all that's a lie you literally got
killed in the game and now you're trying
to my god it's so accurate it's like a
meta commentary but anyway ninja and all
of his friends are too scared to open
the package and I don't blame them I've
watched a lot of bad unboxing I
understand why that could be a problem
like it would have been nice to not
spend all that time trying to open this
box with one hand especially when
there's just a box with a picture of
Ronald Weasley eating a chicken wing
anyway he opens the package because if
he didn't the book would be about nine
pages long
and it looks to be some kind of weird
third party Xbox controller it turns
into a spider for some reason latches on
to his arm which turns his hair blue I
really got to read this whole book man
couldn't I couldn't I just made another
video like a nice something that would
have been so much easier anyways hair
turns blue and these transported into
the game alone anyway Ninja meets the
rest of his friends who all got
teleported into the game world as well
and conveniently they're all as
conventionally attractive as they
appeared in the game world as in the
real world yeah not the only one so it's
I can't I can't do woman voice I don't
know what to do for the woman lizard
basically they're in a battle royale
style game last person alive wins I do
wonder where they got that idea from
also the bans on their arm is their life
gauge they can turn it into a sword to
defend themself but if the life gauge
gets depleted they they don't die
because that's not family-friendly
that's not pg-13 clean welcome to the
kitchen I am and it's Epsilon
by virtue of your talent and
determination 100 of the best players of
the game have been selected to compete
for the most glorious of honors one
thing I found really genius about this
book as soon as the safe zone gets
deactivated people just start trying to
kill ninja
I don't blame it man the YouTube views
that would bring it would be phenomenal
wait already there aren't a hundred
people here yet holy crap oh my god
I can't read anymore of this book we
disclaimer on the screen the c-word has
been said my revenue is gonna plummet
how dare he swear in a children's book
knowing that I'd read it to sabotage my
ad revenue anyway Keller one of ninja's
friends goes on like a killing rampage I
mean get it he has killer in the name
anyway ninja manages to calm him down
and keep him on side for the time being
Keller no this ghosting we can't do that
to people this isn't a game we don't
know what it is I know they're know we
have to strike first I'm not giving her
a voice I refuse I'm not giving her a
voice ghost did him oh my god woman
kills man yeah they refer to like game
ending someone in this as ghosting them
because they're like a like a ghost you
know and you you leave someone I'm reads
Hippocrates wrote this book a bit later
apparently epic weapons are unlocked
which are basically the swords that they
already have but slightly different I
thought it'd be like firearms but you
know I've gone through the entire book
and there's no reference of guns
whatsoever I think if they had guns it
would have had to go from a children's
book to teen whatever when they reach
the epic weapon room apparently the
weapons have some sort of sentience like
they can communicate with whoever uses
them
this could be an advantage that's the
point
Freud so these things are alive or at
least smart are we supposed to choose
them or do they choose us by the way I
want you to have a guess what is ninjas
weapon of choice a an actually useful
offensive weapon be a support weapon
there are furs you know a bit of
tactical advantage for so many support
buffs or see the headband if you
yeah see Chia probably skim through the
video he has a magical headband to
protect him apparently nicknamed HB you
could buy your own HB for $9 81 cents
Keller the green guy betrays ninja again
and kicks him off the lake tacular my
sword speaks to me it says curse them
all this is the second time in about 20
pages that this guy's betrayed a ninja I
have no idea why he's friends with him
or even keeps him on the team he he has
the word killer in his name we're also
introduced to this guy called masks who
apparently hates ninja they fight and
they act like they have a ton of
backstory but this character has never
been introduced or reference before
ninja thought you ghosted us gets
overwhelmed in this bit and he was
actually gonna die but he he's saved by
his friend dozer
you guys remember dozer right he had
like one panel in the first three pages
of the book and he was never mentioned
again anyway dozer explains that the
reason why he got put in the game later
is instead of opening the package like
everyone else did he just fell asleep
which technically makes him the most
Chad character in the entire book
because he genuinely doesn't care also
masked the both jared leto joker looking
ass apparently he's game ended 15 people
and the rules in this game the more
people you ghost the stronger you become
so technically these people thrive on
the souls of children anyway ninja can't
outright beat mus so he tricks him into
chopping down a tree that you know kills
him rest in peace mus character that no
one cared about you'll be remembered
fondly we cut back to Holland and Liza
just as Holland executes the defenseless
player odd boy I still don't understand
why people trusted him he has killer in
the name he however problem with this
Reeves of me
we found mass someone ghosted him took
the hammer to there's lots of players
who weren't here for the fight and
Blevins you get it guys it's personal
because he said his last name also one
thing I don't get instead of Keller like
hunting weaker players to grow in
strength because he knows that as a
concept his ego is so fragile he goes
straight for ninja true
Keller is the embodiment of every
fortnight player ever anyway
dozer takes ninja to his Batcave where
he's confronted by Zephyr but to be fair
in a pretty self-aware moment Zephyr
calls out ninja for being arrogant oh
you are bra here and just want to win
like Keller no I'm not like him I don't
want to win Binger has clearly seen the
error of his real-life ways by writing
himself as a fictional flawed character
find you your child go to sleep if
you're a parent earn this job what is
going on
Zephyr explains that the game they're
playing has been spread across
dimensions by a guy called Striga steel
and the champions of the previous games
instead of actually winning there turned
into weapons that future players use so
if you lose you die but if you win
you've turned into an axe
there's no good conclusion also one
thing I've just remembered Fuels entire
way to like completely dominate the
human race is to send Amazon cardboard
boxes to everyone's house hoping they
all open them at the exact same time so
the entire human race will be put into
this game it's ninja secretly trying to
warn us the Amazon monopoly running
hiding sneaking back into worlds
dominions he is already conquered know
we can do better we will stops trigger
steal oh my god guys I'm really sorry
it's all my 8 year old fans that are
watching this I will send a cease and
desist letter to ninja as soon as this
video is over later on these people are
fighting over each other's energy ninja
breaks up the fight and tells them
they'll be stronger together the obvious
response is to try Nene em but they
eventually give up after realizing his
plot armor we're then shown the
homeworld of the organizers of the game
worrying that ninja is getting too much
of an audience this whole book is
literally just a subtle jerk off to his
success we're also introduced to
stringers who apparently likes to copy
Star Wars Force choking from the
Dominion of natives called earth he's
not playing the game and the Dominions
they are reacting unrest the seeds of
chaos I suggest that you suggest if they
see the game can be beaten if they
realize that together they are stronger
than they are apart they could tear down
what you've built
it's triggers to you're secretly a
twitch admin we cut back to Keller who
now seems to be creating his own
superior race collecting fighters with
promises of teamwork only to get them to
fight against each other to see who
comes out on top is that what you wanted
our mast this is what's coming for all
of us unless we get them first
also ninja meets with Zephyr the pink
haired girl with the glasses again and
she explains a bit of her backstory
my name is Killian we were partners we
were gave us Oh God
we were bored to the kettering the same
as you years ago we were betrayed
Kellyanne Falwell kellian defended me
Kallen hoped but Kelly and lost ghost
so basically Zef and her partner kalium
got put into the game Callie and died
and he's now just been stuck as a ghost
and Seth has been hiding in the game
ever since trying to get him out it's
like a hotel Mickey plotline well now
what was it called Brown Hotel Mickey
what's that aids house of mouse or
something dude house of mouse was lit
dog walker the thing is with Zephyrs
relationship and you know like boyfriend
being lost in the game kind of does
enter devianart fan fiction levels like
you could replace Zephyr and a partner
with red and green PewDiePie and you
wouldn't enjoy gets a 300 IQ idea to
hack into the game's broadcast so
everyone has to watch him there's no
such thing as freebie bucks again a very
subtle nod that he is a small-time
humble streamer my name is ninja string
of Steel took me and my friends to my
world he wants us to play his game he
wants us to fight each other for
entertainment you don't have to play his
game he could be anywhere but he can't
be everywhere and if he wants to stop us
here we are after a speech apparently
every living organism across the known
galaxy stood up at the same time and
began to rebel against Europe despite
there being probable hundreds of
language barriers of human only two legs
now I won't listen to him wait
blue hair bagdana - effing me listen now
oh yeah we could back to Keller I'm not
sure what he's even doing in the book
anymore I think he's some kind of like
Rick and Morty B plot and pickle they
obviously didn't know what to do with
him now the writers couldn't bring fuel
lots of fight ninja because this is only
Volume one we got to milk the series so
instead they have Keller as the main bad
guy of this book thing is I don't even
know why ninja and clarifying
ninja could easily say to him Keller if
you kill me and you win and you be
everyone you're gonna be turned into a
machete that's not a good look bro
[Music]
this isn't about us if we don't stop
this here he'll come to earth we need to
show Striga steel that we can't be
conquered the world deserves to be
conquered I tried being reasonable we
also get a cutaway of other planets that
are rebelling against fuel I mean I
honestly I've looked at this panel for
about five minutes and I cannot tell
what's going on here I assume the guys
in suits with red eyes the evil ones you
know that that's about as predictable as
a JJ Abrams lens flare I think some of
them have been disarmed and some
civilians are just about to get Nene to
see I think he's evil because his entire
head is made of fire that's all have to
go off back to ninja and Keller ninja
tells him he's lost even though they
haven't really fought yet one guy
actually questions it but then Keller
kills in pure encourage even more pork
also the girl with the purple hair the
type like four lines in the entire book
what's her name again
Liza Liza Isaac Hoshi yeah
Liza was with Keller the whole time more
like kind of a passive observer I guess
but now she's defected back to ninja
side despite not helping him fight
Keller nice fence sitting bro you could
have been awesome but you were always
looking for a shortcut always looking
for an edge regardless of who it hurt
but in the end it only hurts you I get
it why you want this especially you
Keller I know I should go stupid so yeah
ninja beats Keller and detains him but
with Keller defeated we still have about
30 pages left and content how else could
they milk this I know what we'll do
let's not bring out fuel but let's say
fuel has seven underlings and now ninja
has to fight one Thaddeus apparently has
like a bunch of interdimensional
warriors have someone to kill ninja and
he just looks like Toby on that is just
a Swedish man he attacks the group and
oh my god he killed ninja fortnight
ninja has been killed the books over we
can all go we did it guys
I'm only joking ninja can't die he has
plot armor so yes fo Hux ninjas ghost up
to this device that she's modified and
on ironically the headband needs to come
in to be a conduit because ninjas energy
is too epic that is not even hyperbole
she says in this book
no the cable it cannot take the energy
you want basically say he's too epic to
be contained oh man but anyway the
device works and ninjas back in a weird
turn of events Keller throws ninja is
sword ninja uses it to game mentor
Beyond and then afterwards Keller tries
to kill ninja anyways it just gets
curb-stomped and dies a good deer for
the impossible not for you he will not
ghost you I have no such reservations
oh don't worry guys don't hey guys no
don't worry she can undo stim whenever
she wants she's just gonna keep his soul
trapped in eternal hell for the time
being that's that's a good fate but
someone that's just got a bit of an ego
so yeah we find out that ninja can bring
back the dead which kind of ruins the
whole concept of battle royale you know
if there's no permadeath and literally
in the last two pages of the entire book
well I'm not joking there's nothing
after this Keller gets turned into a
weapon for one of fuels underlings to
use against ninja that is the end of the
book that is it there is there is
nothing else so the bad guy of that was
the white gamer so yeah in conclusion
book like they you know how many trees
died for the four ninja yeah all in all
the book isn't too bad I mean it's
readable they do say the C word a couple
times I can't allow that this does get
it
but if there weren't any Seward's maybe
a four or five out of ten I don't know I
kind of enjoyed this reading experience
so yeah if you guys enjoyed subscribe
give me a social security number if he
makes a volume two I might do a video on
it depends on well this one does just
[Music]
[Applause]
tonight